Update documentation for RabbitMQ Prometheus family types (#20155)
DataDog/integrations-core: rabbitmq/README.md

       url: http://<HOST>:15692
 ```

 This enables scraping of the [`/metrics` endpoint][20] on one RabbitMQ node. Datadog can also collect data from the [`/metrics/detailed` endpoint][22]. The metrics collected will depend on which families are included.
```yaml
 instances:
   - prometheus_plugin:
       url: http://<HOST>:15692
       unaggregated_endpoint: detailed?family=queue_coarse_metrics&family=queue_consumer_count&family=channel_exchange_metrics&family=channel_queue_exchange_metrics&family=node_coarse_metrics
 ```

> This configuration will collect metrics for each queue, exchange, and node. See the [`/metrics/detailed` API documentation][22] for more information on the metrics provided by each family.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration collects metrics for each queue, exchange, and node. See the [`/metrics/detailed` API documentation][22] for more information on the metrics provided by each family.
```
